What is Ansible?
What are the advantages of using ansible?
what is difference between an automation tool and a configuration management tool?
what is the difference between ansible and chef?
How does ansible work?
Is there a Web Interface or REST api for ansible?
What is a inventory file in ansible?
what is a ansible playbook?
what are the different types of passing variables to ansible playbook?
What is the difference between ansible playbook and role?
what is the use of setup module?
how to run shell commands using ansible?
What is the difference between raw, command and shell modules?
What are the necessary software to run a ansible tool?
How to install ansible using the python pip module?
How to debug a ansible task?
What is ansible tower?
How do you access environment variables?
What is an yml file?
does ansible support json format?
What is that ansible can do?
What is ansible galaxy?
which language does ansible is written?
What are modules in ansible?
can i write my own module?
How to list all the hosts defined in the inventory file?
How do you include a playbook into another playbook?
How do you save the output of the command ran on the remote machine and show it on the 
  controller machine ?
What is the use of local_action?
How does variable register works in ansible?
How do you list all tags defined in a playbook?
what is the use of delegate_to in ansible?
How do you make ansible to wait for port to up and running?
What is the use of pipelining in ansible?
What is the user of gather_facts?
how to disable the gather_facts?
What is the use of dry run in ansible?
How to run a ansible playbook step by step?
How can i pause a playbook for 30 seconds?
How can i find the number of tasks defined in the anisble playbook?
How can i perform the syntax checking for the ansible playbook?
How can i send email from ansible?
What does Fact mean in Ansible?
What is ask_pass in ansible?
Explain What is ask_sudo_pass
Explain what is ask_vault_pass?
Explain Callback_plugin in Ansible?
Explain in detail about ad-hoc command?
How do you test your ansible code?
What mechanism is ansible, pull or push
what is the difference between pull and push mechanisms?
What is a dynamic inventory in ansible?
How can I set the PATH or any other environment variable for a task or entire playbook?
How do I handle different machines needing different user accounts or ports to log in with?
What is a jump host? and how to configure that?
How do I see all the inventory variables defined for my host?
How do I see all the variables specific to my host?
How do I loop over a list of hosts in a group, inside of a template?
How do I copy files recursively onto a target host?
How do I access shell environment variables?
How do I keep secret data in my playbook?
What is a vault in ansible?
How can i create a directory with 750 permissions?
How can i run the source command on the remote machine for bashrc?
What is the use of get_url module in ansible?
How can i delete a directory using ansible?
How can i take a backup of the template while modifying using ansible?
How can i check if file exits in a specific location or not using ansible?
How can i use ansible to check if a url is up and running?
Can i download files from internet using ansible?
How can i use ansible to find strings in a file?
How can i search for a string in the output of a command using ansible?
How can i run a job background using ansible?
How can i poll for a job for every few intervals time using ansible?
How do you start a service using ansible?
What are the difference between host variables and group variables?
How can we tell ansible to force privilege escalation?
How can you ignore errors in the ansible playbook?
How can i reactivate the unreachable hosts?
How can i abort a playbook if there are any errors?



